# Summary 26/02/2021 - Meeting with Arne

**Attendees:** *Steffen Holanger, Emil Elton, Sander Hurlen, Christoffer Tr√¶en, Arne Styve*

#### About crypto

- Is it necessary to go the crypto way?
- "Make it safe enough"
- Nice to have a done enough research to draft it in the bachelor report
- Smells private/public key issues with handling of voting
- HTTPS should be safe enough
- Organizer should have the priviledge of organizing the election



#### Stakeholders

- 



#### About the progress

- As long as everyone is okay with the work load, we are good to continue



#### About servers

- Arne suggests to start look into the production server
- So when we release/push to the main branch the production build should be rolled out to the production server
- All builds/releases should be tagged and created release notes for
- Arne wonders if we tags issues or prs with a release/tag. In order for us to work against a release and now what pr/issue this release have. 
  - We can accomplish this with labels, christoffer says
- The goal of this is to learn of how the whole process works.



#### Test groups

- Make sure we have someone to acctually act as a election organizer, not only the voters
- We have promised we probably will do a test before next meeting or just after



#### Books

- Head first design patterns - eric freeman, beart 
- Applying uml and patterns - craig larman